API Review: ProcessId for ProcessFailedEventArgs (#5401)
MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback: specs/api-get_ProcessId.md

    StringBuilder messageBuilder = new StringBuilder();
    messageBuilder.AppendLine($"Process kind: {e.ProcessFailedKind}");
    messageBuilder.AppendLine($"Reason: {e.Reason}");
    messageBuilder.AppendLine($"Exit code: {e.ExitCode}");
    messageBuilder.AppendLine($"Process description: {e.ProcessDescription}");
    
    // Get the process ID of the failed process
    messageBuilder.AppendLine($"Process ID: {e.ProcessId}");
    
    // Log the failure or send to telemetry
    System.Diagnostics.Debug.WriteLine(messageBuilder.ToString());
    
    // You can also correlate with process info collected earlier
    var failedProcessInfo = _processInfoList.FirstOrDefault(p => p.ProcessId == e.ProcessId);
    if (failedProcessInfo != null)
    {
        System.Diagnostics.Debug.WriteLine(
            $"Failed process was of kind: {failedProcessInfo.Kind}");
    }
}
```

# Remarks

The `ProcessId` property returns the process ID of the failed process, which matches the `ProcessId` property in the `CoreWebView2ProcessInfo` interface from the ProcessInfo API. This allows you to correlate process failures with process information collected during normal operation.

> The process ID is only available if the process has started and ended unexpectedly. For other failure types where the process was never successfully started or in scenarios where the process ID is not available, the `ProcessId` value will be `0`. Applications should check for this value before attempting to use the process ID.

Reviewer: This is sort of duplicate info as above but stated in a different way. Please remove or make sure they match.

# API Details

## COM

```cpp

/// A continuation of the ICoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs3 interface
/// for getting the process ID of the failed process.
///
[uuid(f71c6e90-b2dc-4f81-bb56-bb3ef56dd8c7), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs4 : ICoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs3 {
    /// The process ID of the failed process. It will match the `ProcessId`
    /// property in `ICoreWebView2ProcessInfo` interface, which can be used to
    /// correlate the failing process with the running process data or to

>     /// analyze crash dumps for that process. The process ID is only available

Reviewer: Please state which failure kinds specifically we will have the process ID

Author: Added details as
```
/// available in all failure kinds e.g. when GPU process hangs,
/// browser process exits, utility process exits or renderer process hangs.
/// If the main frame renderer process is gone externally, the process ID
/// will be set to 0.
```

[ProcessFailedEventArgs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2processfailedeventargs?view=webview2-1.0.2151.40),
which includes the process ID and the process kind. This enables the host application to collect
additional information about the process failure whether a renderer, GPU, or
even the browser process.

The updated API is detailed below. We'd appreciate your feedback.

# Description

The `ICoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs4` interface extends the existing
`ProcessFailedEventArgs` to include the `ICoreWebView2ProcessInfo` of the failed process. This
enables applications to:
- Correlate process failures with running process data from the ProcessInfo API
- Collect process-specific diagnostic information for logging and telemetry
- Analyze crash dumps for specific processes
- Better track and respond to failures in multi-renderer scenarios

# Examples

The following code snippets demonstrate how the updated
`ProcessFailedEventArgs` can be used by the host application:

## Win32 C++

```cpp
//! [ProcessFailed]
// Register a handler for the ProcessFailed event.
    // This handler checks the failure kind and tries to:

>     //   * Recreate the webview for browser failure and render unresponsive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    //   * Recreate the webview for browser failure or an unresponsive renderer.
```

Author: Updated

    //   * Reload the webview for render failure.
    //   * Reload the webview for frame-only render failure impacting app

>     //     content.

Reviewer 2: If the Webview2 render process automatically respawns on failure, is it still true that the app needs to reload the webview?

My bigger point is that the sample says "Here is what the sample does" and then it doesn't do any of them.

    var failedProcessInfo = _processInfoList.FirstOrDefault(
        p => p.ProcessId == e.ProcessInfo.ProcessId);
    if (failedProcessInfo != null)
    {
        System.Diagnostics.Debug.WriteLine(
            $"Failed process was of kind: {failedProcessInfo.Kind}");
    }
}
```

# Remarks

The `ICoreWebView2ProcessInfo` property contains the process ID of the failed process
and the process kind (GPU, Renderer, Browser, Utility, etc.)

# API Details

## COM

```cpp

/// A continuation of the ICoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs3 interface
/// for getting the process ID of the failed process.
///
[uuid(f71c6e90-b2dc-4f81-bb56-bb3ef56dd8c7), object,
 pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs4 :
    ICoreWebView2ProcessFailedEventArgs3 {
    /// The process info of the failed process, which can be used to
    /// correlate the failing process with the running process data or to
    /// analyze crash dumps for that process. The process ID should be
    /// available in all failure kinds e.g. when GPU process hangs,
    /// browser process exits, utility process exits or renderer process hangs.

>     /// If the main frame renderer process is gone externally, the process ID

Reviewer 2: What does "is gone externally" mean?
